_events/2023-11-14-symposium.md, before:

---
layout: event
title:  "TOPS Symposium"
invisible: true
symposium: true
permalink: "/events/tops-symposium/"
image: assets/img/events/symposium.jpg
imagecaption: "An image of the Astronaut Memorial Foundation (AMF), The Center for Space Education."
date: 2023-11-14
daterange: "Feb 27 - 29, 2024"
location: "Kennedy Space Center, FL"
venue: "The Astronaut Memorial Foundation (AMF), The Center for Space Education"
map: <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d17668.211620921105!2d-80.68363317924783!3d28.515145175939733!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x88e0ae323bf8b095%3A0x6d2c49c8109fb4d1!2sThe%20Astronauts%20Memorial%20Foundation!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1706298033602!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
---

The TOPS Symposium is a pivotal event under NASA's Transform to Open Science initiative, designed to mainstream the OS101 curriculum and advance an inclusive culture of open science! This three-day symposium will include plenary talks, working sessions, time to network, and tours of NASA's facilities. There may even be a [launch](https://www.visitspacecoast.com/launches/) during our time there!

**TOPS Symposium Goals:**

- Laying the foundation for creating a unified approach to training people in open science
- Learning from those that have begun to teach the curriculum
- Identifying specific challenges and opportunities for open science training
- Understanding our roles and next steps in supporting OS101 and Science Core.

**Symposium Logistics Information:**

Event Location:

- Venue: The Astronaut Memorial Foundation (AMF), The Center for Space Education
- Address: State Road 405, Building M6-306, Kennedy Space Center, FL 32899
- [AMFCSE Website](https://www.amfcse.org/about-cse)

Entry and Parking Information:

- Entry and parking will be at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. 
- Parking Opens: 8:30 AM
- Turnstiles Open: 9:00 AM 
- Security Checkpoint: All attendees must enter through the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex security checkpoint and turnstiles with the AMF-provided ticket or paperwork. Please allow sufficient time for security procedures.
- GPS Coordinates for entrance at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex: 28°30'56.0"N, 80°40'54"W. (Note: Search for "Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex" in your GPS, not just "Kennedy Space Center" to avoid being directed to the wrong location.) 
- [KSCVC Travel Information](https://www.kennedyspacecenter.com/info/travel-information)

Event Dates and Schedule:

- February 27th: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM (General TOPS Presentations & Working Sessions )
- February 28th: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM (Presentations & Working Sessions, breakouts by topic - OS101 Training and Science Core)
- February 29th: 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM (Kennedy Space Center Round-Robin Tours and Co-working Time)

Please be aware that the launch may potentially affect tours.

**Details for Virtual Attendees:** Information and the joining link for the event will be provided here shortly.

**Action Items for In-Person Attendees:**

- Book Travel and Transportation: Arrange your flights and vehicle accommodations. We advise NASA Civil Servants and Contractors to adhere to the travel guidelines set by their respective offices or companies. (NCTS # and attendance registration guidance for NASA attendees is provided in the following section within this event page.) 
- Book Hotel Accommodations:  [List of Area Hotels](https://hotelpackages.kennedyspacecenter.com/site/welcome/14588/kennedy-space-center-discount-hotel-packages?_gl=1*1yw5agw*_gcl_au*MTI3NzAzMDc0Mi4xNzAxODAyMzQy) and [Visit Space Coast Hotel Options](https://www.visitspacecoast.com/stay/) for recommendations. 
  - Currently, we have secured a limited number of hotel rooms. Should the TOPS PMO successfully secure additional accommodations, we will promptly inform you of the updates here: 
    - Hotel: [La Quinta Inn Cocoa Beach-Port Canaveral](https://www.wyndhamhotels.com/laquinta/cocoa-beach-florida/la-quinta-inn-cocoa-beach-port-canaveral/overview?CID=LC:6ysy27krtpcrqev:52698) offered us a negotiated rate for 20 rooms - first come first serve - with a reservation cut off date of 2/12/2024. This is for arrival between 02/26/2024 and check out by 03/01/2024, with a negotiated daily rate of $175.00 a night (after tax and  fees total of $204.75 per night).
      - To receive this rate, use:
        - Group Code: NASA
        - Group Name: NASA TOPS 
        - Book before 2/12/2024
    - Address: 1275 N. Atlantic Ave, Cocoa Beach, FL., 32931
    - Amenities: Free wifi, free parking, free breakfast, Cocoa Beach location, and restaurant/bar on premises. 

**Registering Attendance for In-Person and Virtual <u>NASA</u> Attendees:** Register your attendance <span style="color:red;">as soon as possible.</span>

- Navigate to the internal site: [NCTS SITE](https://ncts.nasa.gov/ncts.ui/index.html?ACSREQUESTID=Kd708f1de5b3e5d3a1f58ea049298da4ec3f3d6b1).
- On the left side toolbar, select "Find a Conference".
- Under the "Conference Records" window, search for the Conference Number using the "Filter" search bar.
- Enter the NCTS Code: **50067-24** ; click "Search".
- Double click the event, which will pop open a separate window.
- Click "Request Attendance", which will route you to a separate web page under NCTS.
- Complete the form:
  - For internal SMD Attendees, select "HQ/SMD" as your Center; this will ensure your request is routed to the proper POC – Org. code and Employee type should auto populate.
  - For Attendee Type, select the most appropriate option.  
  - For Participant Type, select "In Person" or "Virtual".  
  - For Justification, provide a brief reason for attendance; this should not affect your approval, but it should be completed.
- Submit to register your attendance. You will receive an email notification stating your submission has been received.
- Upon approval, you will receive an email confirming approval; this may take a few days.
- Once approved, route through your typical channels for allocating travel.

**Special Instructions for Foreign Nationals:**

- Contact: Please send the required information to Kaitlyn A. Hedderman at kaitlyn.a.hedderman@nasa.gov and Shannon N. Gant at shannon.n.gant@nasa.gov <span style="color:red;">as soon as possible.</span>
- Required Information:
  - Given Name(s) (as printed on passport)
  - Surname (Last Name)
  - Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
  - Country of Birth
  - Gender
  - Passport Number
  - Passport Issue Country
  - Passport Issue Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
  - Passport Expiration Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
  - VISA Number (if applicable)
  - VISA Expiration Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
  - Role/Title
  - Employer
  - Location of Visit Name
  - Location of Visit Street Address
  - Date of Visit (From: mm/dd/yyyy, To: mm/dd/yyyy)
  - Purpose of Visit

**An official agenda will be added in the upcoming weeks.**

Commit message:

Add line for attendees to complete OS101

_events/2023-11-14-symposium.md, after:

---
layout: event
title:  "TOPS Symposium"
invisible: true
symposium: true
permalink: "/events/tops-symposium/"
image: assets/img/events/symposium.jpg
imagecaption: "An image of the Astronaut Memorial Foundation (AMF), The Center for Space Education."
date: 2023-11-14
daterange: "Feb 27 - 29, 2024"
location: "Kennedy Space Center, FL"
venue: "The Astronaut Memorial Foundation (AMF), The Center for Space Education"
map: <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d17668.211620921105!2d-80.68363317924783!3d28.515145175939733!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x88e0ae323bf8b095%3A0x6d2c49c8109fb4d1!2sThe%20Astronauts%20Memorial%20Foundation!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1706298033602!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
---

The TOPS Symposium is a pivotal event under NASA's Transform to Open Science initiative, designed to mainstream the OS101 curriculum and advance an inclusive culture of open science! This three-day symposium will include plenary talks, working sessions, time to network, and tours of NASA's facilities. There may even be a [launch](https://www.visitspacecoast.com/launches/) during our time there!

**TOPS Symposium Goals:**

- Laying the foundation for creating a unified approach to training people in open science
- Learning from those that have begun to teach the curriculum
- Identifying specific challenges and opportunities for open science training
- Understanding our roles and next steps in supporting OS101 and Science Core.

**Symposium Logistics Information:**

Event Location:

- Venue: The Astronaut Memorial Foundation (AMF), The Center for Space Education
- Address: State Road 405, Building M6-306, Kennedy Space Center, FL 32899
- [AMFCSE Website](https://www.amfcse.org/about-cse)

Entry and Parking Information:

- Entry and parking will be at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. 
- Parking Opens: 8:30 AM
- Turnstiles Open: 9:00 AM 
- Security Checkpoint: All attendees must enter through the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex security checkpoint and turnstiles with the AMF-provided ticket or paperwork. Please allow sufficient time for security procedures.
- GPS Coordinates for entrance at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex: 28°30'56.0"N, 80°40'54"W. (Note: Search for "Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex" in your GPS, not just "Kennedy Space Center" to avoid being directed to the wrong location.) 
- [KSCVC Travel Information](https://www.kennedyspacecenter.com/info/travel-information)

Event Dates and Schedule:

- February 27th: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM (General TOPS Presentations & Working Sessions )
- February 28th: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM (Presentations & Working Sessions, breakouts by topic - OS101 Training and Science Core)
- February 29th: 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM (Kennedy Space Center Round-Robin Tours and Co-working Time)

<span style="color:red;">We ask that all attendees complete the OS101 training prior to the event.</span> Attendees will receive a certificate and pin, in addition to the digital badge awarded through the MOOC. 

Please be aware that the launch may potentially affect tours.

**Details for Virtual Attendees:** Information and the joining link for the event will be provided here shortly.

**Action Items for In-Person Attendees:**

- Book Travel and Transportation: Arrange your flights and vehicle accommodations. We advise NASA Civil Servants and Contractors to adhere to the travel guidelines set by their respective offices or companies. (NCTS # and attendance registration guidance for NASA attendees is provided in the following section within this event page.) 
- Book Hotel Accommodations:  [List of Area Hotels](https://hotelpackages.kennedyspacecenter.com/site/welcome/14588/kennedy-space-center-discount-hotel-packages?_gl=1*1yw5agw*_gcl_au*MTI3NzAzMDc0Mi4xNzAxODAyMzQy) and [Visit Space Coast Hotel Options](https://www.visitspacecoast.com/stay/) for recommendations. 
  - Currently, we have secured a limited number of hotel rooms. Should the TOPS PMO successfully secure additional accommodations, we will promptly inform you of the updates here: 
    - Hotel: [La Quinta Inn Cocoa Beach-Port Canaveral](https://www.wyndhamhotels.com/laquinta/cocoa-beach-florida/la-quinta-inn-cocoa-beach-port-canaveral/overview?CID=LC:6ysy27krtpcrqev:52698) offered us a negotiated rate for 20 rooms - first come first serve - with a reservation cut off date of 2/12/2024. This is for arrival between 02/26/2024 and check out by 03/01/2024, with a negotiated daily rate of $175.00 a night (after tax and  fees total of $204.75 per night).
      - To receive this rate, use:
        - Group Code: NASA
        - Group Name: NASA TOPS 
        - Book before 2/12/2024
    - Address: 1275 N. Atlantic Ave, Cocoa Beach, FL., 32931
    - Amenities: Free wifi, free parking, free breakfast, Cocoa Beach location, and restaurant/bar on premises. 

**Registering Attendance for In-Person and Virtual <u>NASA</u> Attendees:** Register your attendance <span style="color:red;">as soon as possible.</span>

- Navigate to the internal site: [NCTS SITE](https://ncts.nasa.gov/ncts.ui/index.html?ACSREQUESTID=Kd708f1de5b3e5d3a1f58ea049298da4ec3f3d6b1).
- On the left side toolbar, select "Find a Conference".
- Under the "Conference Records" window, search for the Conference Number using the "Filter" search bar.
- Enter the NCTS Code: **50067-24** ; click "Search".
- Double click the event, which will pop open a separate window.
- Click "Request Attendance", which will route you to a separate web page under NCTS.
- Complete the form:
  - For internal SMD Attendees, select "HQ/SMD" as your Center; this will ensure your request is routed to the proper POC – Org. code and Employee type should auto populate.
  - For Attendee Type, select the most appropriate option.  
  - For Participant Type, select "In Person" or "Virtual".  
  - For Justification, provide a brief reason for attendance; this should not affect your approval, but it should be completed.
- Submit to register your attendance. You will receive an email notification stating your submission has been received.
- Upon approval, you will receive an email confirming approval; this may take a few days.
- Once approved, route through your typical channels for allocating travel.

**Special Instructions for Foreign Nationals:**

- Contact: Please send the required information to Kaitlyn A. Hedderman at kaitlyn.a.hedderman@nasa.gov and Shannon N. Gant at shannon.n.gant@nasa.gov <span style="color:red;">as soon as possible.</span>
- Required Information:
  - Given Name(s) (as printed on passport)
  - Surname (Last Name)
  - Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
  - Country of Birth
  - Gender
  - Passport Number
  - Passport Issue Country
  - Passport Issue Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
  - Passport Expiration Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
  - VISA Number (if applicable)
  - VISA Expiration Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
  - Role/Title
  - Employer
  - Location of Visit Name
  - Location of Visit Street Address
  - Date of Visit (From: mm/dd/yyyy, To: mm/dd/yyyy)
  - Purpose of Visit

**An official agenda will be added in the upcoming weeks.**
