---
layout: event
title:  "TOPS 2024 Total Solar Eclipse Activities"
disclaimer: false
permalink: "/events/eclipse/"
image: assets/img/events/eclipse.jpg
imagecaption: "An image of a solar eclipse."
date: 2023-11-20
daterange: "Apr 3 - 8, 2024"
location: "Uvalde, TX"
venue: "To be announced"
acronyms: "Planetary,Astro"
map: <iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d62542.797075592076!2d-99.79996562205729!3d29.210134972682102!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x865ee140326f39dd%3A0xa5b0b5d62bab238c!2sUvalde%2C%20TX%2078801!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1706203388227!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>
imageattribution: <a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Thammarith">Thammarith Likittheerameth</a>, <a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:2019-12-26_Annular-Solar-Eclipse-in-Singapore.jpg">2019-12-26 Annular-Solar-Eclipse-in-Singapore</a>, <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode" rel="license">CC BY-SA 4.0</a>
---

On April 8, 2024, a total solar eclipse will cross North America, passing over Mexico, the United States, and Canada. During this event, the Moon will move between the Sun and Earth, completely blocking the Sun. As a result, the sky will darken, creating an effect similar to dawn or dusk.  

### TOPS Agenda

Come join TOPS in exploring the data-driven domain of eclipses to help understand how open science principles facilitate the sharing and analysis of information among researchers, students, and enthusiasts.

##### April 3, 2024.

Activities at Uvalde, TX

- Eclipses for Adults and High School
  - 7:00 PM (CDT)
  - SW Texas Junior College Central Campus Ballroom


##### April 4, 2024.

Activities at Eagle Pass, TX

**Story Hour with Eagle Pass Library**

- 2:30 PM - 5:00 PM (CDT)
- Sun Painters Book (activities will be held afterward)
- Eagle Pass Library

**TOPS Workshop**

- 3:00 PM – 5:00 PM (CDT)
- Eagle Pass Campus (Sul Ross State University)

**Cultural Eclipse Conference**
  
Several speakers with research backgrounds will be present such as NASA's Mitzi Adams.
- 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM (CDT) 
- Conference details (incuding venue, RSVP link, and speaker details) can be found <a target="_blank" href="https://sites.google.com/view/cultural-conference/home?fbclid=IwAR3L2o3OnWtNo51vub1TxSXAxV_U9rPmbKy7-FXMqwYA80Q-NKKaf_HJv1E">at this link</a>
  
##### April 5, 2024

Activities at Del Rio, TX.

**TOPS Workshop**

- 3:30 PM - 5:30 PM (CDT)
- Southwest Texas Junior College (SWTJC) Auditorium
  
##### April 6, 2024

Activities at Uvalde, TX.

**Eclipse Science with NASA Scientists**

Join NASA's TOPS team and NASA scientists to learn about the science behind total solar eclipses.  
- 10:00 AM - 12:30 PM (CDT)
- Sul Ross State University Uvalde Campus Auditorium

**Solar Viewing and Citizen Science with NASA Scientists**

Join NASA's TOPS team and NASA scientists to learn about the science behind total solar eclipses. Learn how you can participate in Citizen Science efforts to advance research during the 2024 Total Solar Eclipse.
- 10:00 AM - 12:00 PM (CDT)
- El Progreso Library

**Solar Viewing and Eclipse Prep with NASA Scientists**

Meet NASA scientists and participate in solar viewing activities in preparation for safe eclipse viewing.  Free to attend.
- 2:00 PM – 5:00 PM 
- Softball Field outside Auditorium at Sul Ross State University

##### April 7, 2024

Activities at Garner State Park, TX.

**Solar Viewing and Eclipse Science with NASA Scientists**

Meet NASA scientists and participate in solar viewing activities in preparation for safe eclipse viewing at Garner State Park. See the sun through unique telescopes and learn how NASA studies the Sun, Moon and Earth during these rare celestial events. 

[Garner State Park](https://tpwd.texas.gov/state-parks/garner/fees-facilities/entrance-fees) charges $8 admission into the park for attendees  13 years and older.

- 10:00 AM – 2:00 PM (CDT)
- Garner State Park

##### April 8, 2024

Activities at Garner, Uvalde, and Eagle Pass.

**2024 Total Eclipse Viewing**

Join the TOPS team at two different locations to view the 2024 Total Solar Eclipse. Representatives will be on site at the Eagle Pass Student Activity Center in Eagle Pass, Texas, and the Sul Ross/Southwest Texas Junior College Softball Field in Uvalde, Texas. Activities include solar viewing, citizen science projects, and more. Both events are free to the public. 

- <a target="_blank" href="https://www.chooseeaglepass.com/eclipse">Eagle Pass Student Activity Center</a>
  - **Public Viewing Site will open at 10:30 AM (CDT), April 8, 2024**
  - N. HWY 277, Eagle Pass, TX 78852
- Sul Ross State University/Southwest Texas Junior College Softball Field
  - Public viewing starting 10:30 AM (CDT)
  - 2401 Garner Field Road, Uvalde, TX 7880

### More Resources

- All NASA related events for the eclipse can be found [here](https://science.nasa.gov/eclipses/events/)
- Check out the SunSketcher app to participate in smartphone observations of the eclipse with fellow citizen scientists.  Details can be found [here](https://sunsketcher.org/index.php).